---
layout: post
title: All that Jaazzzzz….
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta: {}
---
very unlucky day... at our lab we couldn't figure out head or tail and now we have to go back for a make up lab...

**Sweska:** Urrgghhh!!!....how are we suposed to go on with this lab...i don't understand **Jazz:** Wait i ask the GA (graduate Tutor)..Sir we are supposed to use this formula?? **GA:** Umma **Sweska:** what?!??!....what did he say?? **Jazz:** Yes in tamil **Sweska:** Excuse me! i'm here too!! **Jazz:** \*shrugs\* **Sweska:** Can you just straight ask him HOW TO DO THIS??? we are just liquid papering and wasting our time... **Jazz:** Err...Ok Sir how do you find the value of R1 and R2 **GA:** Ok you need to fix R2 then get the value of R1...how on earth can you have an R2 value of 11.8 ohms??!?! **Jazz:** oh oooppzzz....great liquid paper again **GA:** \*\*\* \*\*\*\*\*\* \*\*\*\*\* \*\*\*\*\*\* **Jazz:** ...hehehheheh!!! **Sweska:** What did he say now?!??!...what so funny??? **Jazz:** He's saying why don't you just colour the whole paper white... **Sweska:** Ok...erm....muhahahhahahha!!!! **GA:** \*\*\* \*\*\*\* \*\*\*\*\*\* \*\*\*\*\*\* \*\*\*\* **Jazz:** oh ok ok! **Sweska:** What what what??? **Jazz:** No he's saying pretend to know how to use the oscilloscope...otherwise the prof will come and station himself here. Later he himself will come and help us out. **Sweska:** What's his problem?? \*\*rolls eyes\*\* He's flirting with you. The signal is going hay-wire. Can you ask the other GA to stabilise the signal. Sigh...i don't even feel that i'm an electrical engin student. **Jazz:** Sigh...chose the wrong faculty...i really dunno what's going on. Totally stuck! **GA:** What to do...we are all stuck... **Jazz:** Stuck?? Why are U stuck?? **GA:** PhD student! What to do?? **Jazz:** Then PhD Student also dunno how to fix the signal in oscilloscope...tsk tsk **Prof:** Let me see.... Ok i need a 10 micro Capacitor. **GA:** Yes sir... this is the titanium type. This is the other type. Which one? **Jazz:** Sucking up... typical pppuuuffffff!!!!! tick tock tick tock....5pm already!!!....i really need to meet YK!!!!! **Prof:** Ok this is some chaotic phenomenon going on...we do in depth study about this in research. That is why the signal cannot be stabilised. Your board is wrong. Sorry! You gals wanna come back another day?? Ok see to this that they can come here for another session. **GA:** Yes Sir! No Problem...I'll look into this. **Sweska:** Ok bye...i really gotta leave...you decide jazz. Gotta Rush! ..............later at 630pm i got **sms** from jazz:

_You know what the flirt said at the end of the lab? He said I can call him anytime and he'll help us thru the lab specially for us. Crappy... _ **BINGO!!!!!!!!!! Current Conclusion:** Who says PhD students only mug?? They can flirt too!Boy!!... i'm sure looking forward to the make-up lab :) Jazz will kill me for this...i know! How to add some spice... should i also tell him that jazz is also a future potential PhD candidate?? Nah.... i won't. I don't want jazz to end up with a pot-bellied-i-know-it-all-flirty-Dr. guy.
