---
layout: post
title: Jack Welch Lexicon of Leadership by Jeffrey Krames
---

**Book Title:** The Jack Welch Lexicon of Leadership **Author:** Jeffrey A. Krames **Year written/published:** 2002 **Book Source:** [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Jack-Welch-Lexicon-Leadership-Initiatives/dp/0071381406/ref=sr_1_1/105-4294929-8238850?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1184220669&sr=8-1), [Library](http://vistaweb.nlb.gov.sg/cgi-bin/cw_cgi?fullRecord+13106+3002+10799215+2+1) **Summary:** This book is arranged alpahbetically like a dictionary. **My Comments: Some extracts:** Key themes of Welch… • Command and control is not the best way to run a business • Involving everyone is the key to enhancing productivity • Ideas and intellect rule over hierarchy and tradition • Market-leading businesses can ensue long term growth • Finding leaders who live the values is more important than finding who makes the numbers • Developing a learning culture is the key to creating a competitive enterprise Lessons for spreading knowledge… 1. best practices begins with the assumption that a company does not have all of the answers 2. engage everyone 3. devise a system for identifying best practices 4. invite ‘competitors’ to teach your managers acquisition lessons… • do not hesitate to defy the company history • be aggressive and move quickly • do not limit acquisitions to US borders • make infusing your culture into the new firm a top priority lessons in the art of managing…. • Never back down from reality • Tell employees that change is ‘never-out’ • Hold regular meetings and encourage your managers to do the same Lessons in removing the boss element… • Do not tolerate managers who lead my intimidation • Simplify practices and procedures • Hire the As and Es Lessons in building confidence… • Build strong businesses • Let the employees know that you value thei ideas • Push decision making down the hierarchy ‘council’ lessons… • Meet with your managers on a regular basis • Do not set a rigid, minute-by-minute agenda • Find a comfortable setting for such meetings, out of reach of emails and phones Delayering lessons… • Limit the number of layers in your organization • Fire the strategic planners • View delayering as a prerequisite to learning and self-actualization Lessons of the Es… • Look for leaders with incredible Energy • Look for managers who share your sense of urgency and competitive drive • The ability to ignite productivity is the key • Examine the manager’s track record Simplicity lessons… • Never stop simplifying • Start work-out at your company • Simplify the organizational structure Change lessons… • Change is a constant, and people in the organization must face it • Never stop communicating on the topic of change • Stay one step ahead of change
