---
layout: post
title: 36 Strategems
categories:
- Business &amp; Finance
- Life Skills
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _edit_last: '1'
---
[36 Strategems](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thirty-Six_Strategies) are 36 priceless strategy drawn from Chinese philosophy...
1. Deceive the heavens to cross the ocean
2. Besiege Wèi to rescue Zhào
3. Kill with a borrowed knife 
4. Substitute leisure for labour
5. Loot a burning house
6. Make a sound in the east, then strike in the west
7. Create something from nothing
8. Openly repair the gallery roads, but sneak through the passage of Chencang
9. Watch the fires burning across the river
10. Hide a knife behind a smile
11. Sacrifice the plum tree to preserve the peach tree
12. Take the opportunity to pilfer a goat
13. Startle the snake by hitting the grass around it 
14. Borrow a corpse to resurrect the soul
15. Entice the tiger to leave its mountain lair
16. In order to capture, one must let loose
17. Tossing out a brick to get a jade gem
18. Defeat the enemy by capturing their chief
19. Remove the firewood under the cooking pot 
20. Catch a fish while the water is disturbed
21. Slough off the cicada's golden shell 
22. Shut the door to catch the thief
23. Befriend a distant state while attacking a neighbour
24. Obtain safe passage to conquer the State of Guo
25. Replace the beams with rotten timbers
26. Point at the mulberry tree while cursing the locust tree 
27. Feign madness but keep your balance
28. Remove the ladder when the enemy has ascended to the roof 
29. Deck the tree with false blossoms
30. Make the host and the guest exchange roles
31. The beauty trap (honey trap)
32. The empty fort strategy 
33. Let the enemy's own spy sow discord in the enemy camp 
34. Inflict injury on one's self to win the enemy's trust 
35. Chain stratagems
36. If everything else fails, retreat
