---
layout: post
title: IP Rating
categories:
- Current Technology
tags:
- ingress
- IP
- rating
- standards
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _edit_last: '1'
---
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_Code">IP rating</a> (or Ingress Protection Rating) is an itneresting way to find out the degrees of protection for an object.  It consists of 2 digits...

First digit:
 
<table class="wikitable" border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<th>Level</th>
<th>Object size protected against</th>
<th>Effective against</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td>—</td>
<td>No protection against contact and ingress of objects</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td>&gt;50 mm</td>
<td>Any large surface of the body, such as the back of a hand, but no protection against deliberate contact with a body part</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td>&gt;12.5 mm</td>
<td>Fingers or similar objects</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td>&gt;2.5 mm</td>
<td>Tools, thick wires, etc.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>4</strong></td>
<td>&gt;1 mm</td>
<td>Most wires, screws, etc.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>dust protected</td>
<td>Ingress of dust is not entirely prevented, but it must not enter in sufficient quantity to interfere with the satisfactory operation of the equipment; complete protection against contact</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
<td>dust tight</td>
<td>No ingress of dust; complete protection against contact</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>
 

Second Digit:
<table class="wikitable" border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<th>Level</th>
<th>Protected against</th>
<th>Details</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td>not protected</td>
<td>—</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td>dripping water</td>
<td>Dripping water (vertically falling drops) shall have no harmful effect.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td>dripping water when tilted up to 15°</td>
<td>Vertically dripping water shall have no harmful effect when the enclosure is tilted at an angle up to 15° from its normal position.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td>spraying water</td>
<td>Water falling as a spray at any angle up to 60° from the vertical shall have no harmful effect.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>4</strong></td>
<td>splashing water</td>
<td>Water splashing against the enclosure from any direction shall have no harmful effect.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>water jets</td>
<td>Water projected by a nozzle against enclosure from any direction shall have no harmful effects.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
<td>powerful water jets</td>
<td>Water projected in powerful jets against the enclosure from any direction shall have no harmful effects.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>7</strong></td>
<td>immersion up to 1 m</td>
<td>Ingress of water in harmful quantity shall not be possible when the enclosure is immersed in water under defined conditions of pressure and time (up to 1 m of submersion).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td>immersion beyond 1 m</td>
<td>The equipment is suitable for continuous immersion in water under conditions which shall be specified by the manufacturer.
NOTE: Normally, this will mean that the equipment is hermetically sealed. However, with certain types of equipment, it can mean that water can enter but only in such a manner that produces no harmful effects.</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>
